[Music]
hey all it's got ad travel and charity
Roadshow from Auctions America park in
Auburn Indiana and I got a 68 GTX I
supposed to be a rare motor somehow
coming down the assembly line this thing
ended up with like a 461 in it and it
was the original motor it came in it so
anyways this war so look let me get the
camera turn around and we'll see what
we're talking about
Wayne how are you brother we got going
on here this is a 68 GTX I've worn off
the gentleman about 25 years ago and
we've restored it we've done the engine
freshened it up all new paint but kind
of took a lot of stories and brought it
down here for this show
he took it in somebody took it into a
shop that we discovered that took
something just you knew yellow owner had
it in the shop man and they was going to
do a service on it and then you want to
know he got that motor in that car and
he thought was a 440 and it's damp 461
right on the block well so it it was
unknown to him it was something that got
put in that factory evidently right and
he's come he moved from Chicago down to
throw in here and then got traded the
original owner this other guy was young
yeah he bought he was 18 years old when
he bought it yeah and there's too much
car for him so he knew the history of
the car it wasn't like he'd been out of
somebody's hands and maybe somebody
threw that motor in I know he bought
originally and they and the pops got the
car and when he took an Indian service
they called him up don't want what the
deal was with the motor end so they
called the original owner on he said
that's what was in when he bought it
right gone to the like Mopar people and
tried to run the van or anything like
that - see what - you know if there was
any kind of notations on why that car
would have that motor and there can't be
many of them out there no I mean you
know the thing is like I was talking to
you about I mean I don't think anybody
brought a NASCAR motor out of the back
room just dropped it and randomly in a
car you know I'm saying I mean it's
common odwin because we had a gentleman
down from the Detroit many years ago
brought all of his books down and sat
around and went through the car and way
he talked of just a handful these and
they don't they're not in existence that
for this one right handful of them so it
must have been some kind of like
Plymouth cope old program or out the
back door yeah so what I mean what kind
of do you do tuning or do you do
bodywork what is a date day you do we do
extra fishing on the muscle cars we
restore them restore hope not frame off
this from here was pretty much frame off
it but it's like 25 years ago or so yeah
about 25 years ago when we painted this
one so I just got out of storage until
we bring it to the show here no I
appreciate you coming out if you had a
good time
oh yeah real good show very good time so
everything everything is you know it is
it's pretty much a written long ago yeah
I left it just way cops had it the
interior has not been done that's
holding up well yeah
additional Tom did that attack come on
the death you have that come from way it
was when I got it right
he ran it back in the 70s from a corner
pop he set the flying mile record to 17
in this car 217 miles an hour yeah
and flying mile back back in the day I
was a long time ago
it's got like a 270 I think something
like that what's the fastest you've had
I've been up to 180 180 yeah no kids so
had more
yeah I'll hit play more didn't have any
brakes though I got the drum brakes on
it holy smokes you don't need that hit
don't stop with it don't you better with
a but your paring knives in yeah like
when stoning it's better yeah when I
guess finally embrace you get hot they
don't stop pretty good so let's drum so
it's it you got you're gonna drive like
that they upgraded to disc oh yeah well
that's I don't really like that anymore
I don't think so I think somebody's done
some work up he's at it he's added two
fuel pumps and well I'm talking about
like this plate and all that's a play of
stuff yeah yeah because I think if
you've got this car new you'd notice
that yeah he'd be like hey that my
buddies don't look it's got the Holley
three barrel on it which they don't even
make it yeah
well this one's good driving Mopar fans
nuts I know it was oh yeah
just as saying that I shoot the videos
that I don't bring the information so I
don't know anything folks so don't get
on me or don't say that you know this
that or the other thing to me this is
just the best that we knows this cars
only a two or three owner car second now
be a third owner again yeah but you know
pops yeah a new pop forever so I mean
it's really just it's been in the family
for two of these owners and there's been
the guy that bought it new
yeah and he claims he didn't do much to
it yeah I I started working on this in
70 at the shop and it's always been like
that one come into the shop so
all the stuff you see on its way he had
it right I left it appeared for what he
had in the car and you think pops did
that stuff possibly I can think of
because the other guy had it I don't
think did anything with it right no we
know I appreciate you bringing it out I
think that car is gonna cause a lot of
conversation yeah internet and we may
figure out exactly where it's going on
with it you know and that'd be nice
folks if you truly know not that you
think you know because we think we know
but if you truly know how these cars
would have ended up this way then sure
let us know cuz I Wayne and I both like
to know exactly how these things end
there coming up with a one-off motor in
there from somewhere I mean that's again
it's still just hard to register in your
mind but back in this day and time
factories were a whole lot different
than they are now you know now they can
tell you exactly where your cars in
production and this and that back in the
day I've seen cars come and sit at our
dealership and they'll have the wrong
steering wheel in a Chevrolet dealership
and have a GMC steering wheel sitting on
and well that just got twisted up on the
assembly line you know I went the
Woodward one a few years back and talked
to some of the guy that worked in the
back shop and they said they did make
some of them there's no records of it
made something to send them up the door
right just rode the motor ends whatever
come down the line and that's kind of
way it went
right but Wayne thanks so much for
coming out they're done and what year
did you say this that's 68 68 GTX from
the Scottie D travel and charity
Roadshow Auctions America Park Auburn
Indiana if you didn't get out this year
folks get out next year for sure man
it's a great show so many cool cars here
I'm not gonna be able to shoot them all
this kind of stuff the odd to unique the
rare it's out here customs full customs
whatever you're into that's what we're
into cool is cool hope you enjoyed this
one see you
you